# CapstoneProject_SkinLesionClassification

This Repository hosts the scripts used to produce a novel skin lesion image classification ensemble model.

This project was completed for a fourth year capstone project at Ryerson University in the Biomedical Engineering Undergraduate Program.

The final model used is an ensemble model utilizing three deep learning pipelines of various architextures as feature extractors to be utilized in a final logistic regression classification layer. One of the feature extraction pipelines will be untrained and come from a previously trained model (IMAGENET) provided through the keras API. The other two pipelines will be of similar architecture except one will utilize transfer learning from the previously referenced model and the other will solely be trained on our data. The logistic regression layer was implemented using SKLearn API.  The idea of this was to utilize three different types of learning to provide predictions and then use logistic regression to determine whether the overall model could come to a consensus on the correct classification.  The latter two mentioned pipelines could be utilized as a standalone classification system and their results were low (accurracy 61%) and with heavy bias towards one class. With the addition of the last classification layer the accuracy increases by almost 20 points and the bias eliminated. While still not great accuracy the improvements demonstrate that this ideology has some merit and is worth further improving upon.
